### Project Functions
AC Bank, the short for Accepted Bank, is a mini project aiming at simulating the system of a real commercial bank.
<br/><br/>However, payment interface is not considered in the project, because settling system does not belong to an exact commercial bank. 
<br/><br/>The project of simulated bank has three branches of visible account. 
Root account, Bank account and User account. User account contains CreditCard account, DebitCard account and OnlineBanking account. Each account type comes from a class. All visible account classes inherit from the base class AccountType. Base class AccountType offers several ultilities. Each account has an Interface, provides an index of functions this account type has. Bank asset is considered in the project. 
#### Account creating
Root account can create Bank accounts and approve CreditCard accounts application sent by Bank accounts. Bank accounts can create User accounts.
#### Account Functions
Every account is able to reset its own password. Root account manages basic data of this bank, such as interest, CreditCard info, bank asset, etc. Bank accounts mainly manage User accounts, such as reset a password of a User account, submit CreditCard application, create User accounts, view info of a User account, etc. 
Every User account is able to transfer to a CreditCard account or a DebitCard account and view its own info. CreditCard and DebitCard accounts are able to credit and debit, view transactions, etc. OnlineBanking accounts also have financial functions. Invalid input detection is enabled for User accounts.
### Development Technology
The project is written in C++. We tried to describe our project in the most natural way to the IDE. We neither made it too complex nor made it too simple on purpose. The features of object-oriented programming are reflected in the program. 
### Module Description
The structure of the project ensures itself a great expandability. We will be able to add, modify or remove some features easily in the future without changing the whole project.
<br/><br/>The structure of the whole project seems like a blowed up bubble gum. The little main function only provides username and password entering and an Interface function call of FileService, which offers password checking and AccountType checking services. FileService then creates a matched class member among AccountTypes. AccountTypes, the most base class in AccountTypes file, inherits classes for Root account, Bank accounts and User accounts. User accounts inherit classes for CreditCards, DebitCards and OnlineBankings. Root account, Bank accounts, CreditCard accounts, DebitCard accounts and OnlineBanking accounts are visible accounts. Some ultilities are placed in base classes for sharing. There should be only one Root account.
#### File Access
Every visible account has a folder of the same name. Different files in this folder contain different kinds of information. We have made great effort to make sure the information is devided appropriately. Every extension name has a meaning. IO is short for input/output, this kind of files are used to store information for frequent exchange. CRE is short for credential, to store account type and password. REC is short for record, mainly used to store asset information, transactions and applications. INFO is short for information. This kind of files store important information which is seldom modified or for broadcast. INTRO is short for introduction, introductions about products. The destination PublicInfo mainly holds information for broadcast.
### Project Testing
The configuration makes the software able to use right out of the box. The initial account is root, password is 000000. Just follow the UI to go further. As bank asset is considered, sometimes it is unable to debit or buy-in stock even if the balance is enough. The system can also be used to test economic issues.
### Evaluation
Limited by my energy, time and creativity, there will be some unavoidable bugs in the project, though elegance and serenity have always been my pursuit of software design. Meanwhile, some features are not added to the project, because of the difference between a simulation system and a real system. After all, this project provides a way to simulate a bank system and helps to explain some economic appearances. Enjoy!
